Fix link for event handler property (#16214)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/overview/index.md

Another API, [server-sent events](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events), is a one-way service that allows a server to send events to the client, using HTTP as a transport mechanism.
Using the {{domxref("EventSource")}} interface, the client opens a connection and establishes event handlers.

> The client browser automatically converts the messages that arrive on the HTTP stream into appropriate {{domxref("Event")}} objects, delivering them to the event handlers that have been registered for the events' {{domxref("Event.type", "type")}} if known, or to the {{domxref("EventSource.message_event", "onmessage")}} event handler if no type-specific event handler was established.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. The statement is very long to grasp in one go. We can break it:
```suggestion
The client browser automatically converts the messages that arrive on the HTTP stream into appropriate {{domxref("Event")}} objects. Then it delivers them to the event handlers that have been registered for the events' {{domxref("Event.type", "type")}} if known, or to the {{domxref("EventSource.message_event", "onmessage")}} event handler if no type-specific event handler was established.
```
